getting Mormon up in this bitch

-- Mormon --

let's talk about it

crazy crazy right

Ya know when I started thinking about "my bits", how'd I'd broach such a "sensitive" subject.  

I just couldn't.  Look I'm gonna be as plain as I can with you.  
Without causing eternal damnation and the blood of this generation to come upon me, 
which I didn't even KNOW i had sidestepped till I went to the temple.  
Like hold up what?  God was gonna put all that on me, 
and it's only NOW that I'm free of it? yada yada yada eternal shame and guilt 
*cough christ* anyways, 
but that's a whole masonic thing, kinda comadered by mormons, 
like a weird joseph smith version of captain jack sparrow so some of the stuff I still cling to, 
yeah, cause I just like the story and asthetic of it so I'm like orthodox mormon i guess.  
I just have an issue of the way the cult has been going lately.

all the good makings of a cult: money, sex, weird hats & secret combinations dtc

like yes! a normal good old fashioned cult for all those weird cult people that want to be part of cult 
but don't really wanna kill their dog or whatever, 
like "hey - where all the reasonable cults at?" - 
I'm like well I know two young men that would love to share a message with you 
have you heard of our lord and savior jesus christ? 
here learn all this secret shit.  
put this on.... it's fine! 
normal, you'll be fine (weird looks, and symbols and funny hats)

missionaries - shit I was a missionary - great time - horrible time - 
funny how those things usually go hand in hand often.

now if there are "active" mormons in the audience... 
specially ones that haven't logically taken a long hard look at the religion cause - 
well.... i hope this doesn't get weird for ya.  
Probably going to see people walk out.  That's fine.  
What did christ say?  Those with ears let them hear?  Ask and it shall be given?  
People rejected him back in the day, can only assume people will still reject the truth.  
Long story short, actually for all ya'll that want to walk out 
i'm just gonna jump to the end of my whole bit which is truth is crazy.  
like truth, you can't handle the truth shit.

That's where I had to break with the LDS organization, 
is when they started to ask millions of people to just continue lying.  
Seemed a little "off" - now I understand that their GOD is a lying cheating slave god... 
read the old testament, yeah it's in there.
and i can dig into this, come see me after the show maybe, 
infact i have two friends that can come to your home 
and share a message about our LORD with ya?... but anyways, 
i'm skipping ahead, back then god seemed more like an omnipotent john wayne kind of character 
or santa clause.  Stood for the right, couldn't bluff him kina.  
All rainbows and justice!  
Anyways I started to do research and things started going sideways quick.... 
which.... ummmm.... welcome to my "bits" hahah


this shit probably hits different if you're a "card carrying member"

now, to all you NON mormons, this means that INSIDE of the religion there are actually 
2 kinds of members, well there are all sorts of members. 
jack mormons, inactive mormons, mormons that don't like to be called mormons, 
saints, members of the church of jesus christ of the latter day saints, 
trancendental saint (that's me) oh and full fledged, arm to the square, 
fully commited wearing the protective garments, here take my money, 
i'll lie if you tell me to lie, kill if you tell me to kill, 
you say jump i say how i members, the ones that pretend they are there... 
but you know that they aren't, and it's just convienent to say you are, 
the story of the 10 virgins. kinda like "house slaves vs field slaves"  
Basically sheeps in wolves clothing type of things.  

Yeah, you heard right, SHEEP in wolves clothing.  
See I believe GOD, at least the ones most think about in the Old Testiment
(get opinions from old testament people) who is your god?  
Genocide, Blood Sacrifice, Stealing & Lying.  
Literally, You heard about Mary.  Don't mistake this for blasphemy.  
(wait for lighting strike) ya weh mother fucker - IE MARY & CHRIST?

It's like damn how many times we gotta tell the story of herculeus?  
zues? We love that story.  Shit. like let's make him heal a bunch of people 
rather than kill hydra this time.... fine we'll throw in some snakes sure... 
lepors or kinda like zombies right? that'll be enough. oh we like gore.... 
let him get matyrd. then give him a new name, from the same govt that killed him.  
Esu - J didn't even exist for like thousands of years - truth is crazy.

Anyways, so I'mma break this down from a "Jezuz was a Vampire" perspective alright?  
Thats the crazy thing about buddhism, is when you learn everything is nothing 
you can kind of tie all sorts of things together that before in your mind 
were almost impossible.... like "oh light is dark and dark is light" 
sounds like complete bullshit contradictory nonsense, 
and this is where buddhism is important, it teaches you that EVERYTHING is bullshit 
so you're like.... ahhhh got it, I just like or am more "attached" to this bullshit 
over that bullshit.  Anyways, so yeah, Jezus, holy grace of devine being savior of the 
living, eternal being, blood shedding, endorsing blood drinking, rise from the dead, 
immortal vampire.  It's the closest word we have in the western culture to describe what he was.  
Maybe zombie... but all the blood stuff... naw, has to be vampire. 

It would've been cool if he were more like a wareworlf.  
Kinda like how witches and warlocks are ya know... like oh shit.... full moon 
(looks around suspecting) I think someone gonna get raised from the dead tonight.  
Who knows, healed of diseases, control over snakes, lame walking again, full moon! crazy shit.  

Naw, that was him all the time though, 
like I think through the life of christ and go back and read the bible, 
man he was tired of peoples shit.  Man was ruthless.  
You generation of vipers, leave me the fuck alone!  
I just healed someone and you're like trying to get me to file a form 
and make me feel like i just sinned.  Ya'll are messed up, I am not of this world!  
Oh and sell everything you have, money is bullshit.  
Give unto ceasar, my kingdom is not of this world.

Oh but also start a bank (mormon) - 
and like fund the mafia to build las vegas - 
ever wonder who invested in early vegas real estate development?  
You ever wonder why the city of sin has so many mormons in it?  Vampires.  Telling you.  
Crazy shit.

## money
- funded las vegas
-- weird financial stuff
-- truth - what is truth anyways - welcome to the world of deep fakes, AI & lies - this is a new age - Satan loose
-- joseph smith bank
-- mormon porn - sexual stuff
-- the way people say it like it's unfortunate, like someone's grandma died j:D 
-- vampires & leviathan
    jesus was the vampire everyone wanted to be an elf - or the other way around - maybe some kind of orc
-- judas - riches - midas - the forgotten son - yogi (make mormonism magic again)
-- christ is nice, but i prefer krishna
    how god was dissapointed in christ, wanted him to use his powers to save himself
    krishna just lord of the dance and meriment, like the son of a mafia boss or empire of the universes
-- masonic rites & gnostic christianity
-- magic & tithing
    abraham & melquezedeck, old temple magics
-- visions & speaking of toungues
-- snakes
-- prophecy
-- apostles maaaaaaaaaaaaaaybe 70 and the modern mormon - make mormonism magic again wrap up

-- scouts & why i love being a mormon
    have you been to a mormon anything?  it has food k - food
    i'm homeless - AAA - on hard drugs - no job - wealthy as fuck (more than I should anyways - pentacles and tarot)

-- crosses and the living vampire jesus... that was married and had 3 kids? (which was harder?) probably heaven is boring
    jesus in witness protection program, not being able to use his powers again
-- word of wisdom - the name alone says it all: not a commandment
-- if thai iced tea is wrong i don't want to be right
    divorced over tea - why the mormon church wronged me

-- truths - truth hurts, fuck it kills

-- death threats - friend died, someone spoke at his funeral, now HE is a suspect - like shit - I could die at any point - literally - so easy to kill someone.  ESPECIALLY someone that is famous - or just kinda famous - or not famous at all - we die easy - it's easy - maybe if you have a team of like 10 people fully dedicated to keeping you alive - sure - but normal people almost everyone - on the verge of death ALWAYS if someone wants you dead