i like to give modern day personality to old philosphers, or like age old concepts, figureheads, icons etc

like "okay - they keep a time machine around" kind of thing.  A microwave to like "out pops father time"

one of my favorites - magalen, cristopher columbus, he's like the ultimate kanye west "can't tell me nothing" kidn of guy
his response to everything "oh so you think you've seen it all huh?" 
look i done been around the world attitude
then he roast your ass,
now days its easy and you still aint seen like 10% of this shit
i've literally physically traveled AROUND the entire world, aint that big if you really think of it
whole thing, you can reach anywhere you want to go in like 6 months - anywhere - 6 months away
for you it's like 12 hours. and you still haven't gone?!  Ancient ruins that thousands upon thousands died to make a reality
building a monument that would live through the eons of time and cultures and is so ancient we don't truly understand or know
it's deepest darkest or most holy of origins? just like 8 hours away, just over there.  Down the street kinda.  Oh you're uncle lives in isreal you know

oh where supposedly a man died and then resurected himself performing miracle after miracle! 8 hours.  I'm busy.

hahah "busy"
oh you're busy?!

"well I value my time"

it's that forever "i don't have the time" bullshit people say
literally when people "i don't have the time" me - I just say bullshit
people have time for what they want
you just don't WANT to
you don't WANT
you don't BELIEVE
don't scape goat time 
father time, probably most ill spoken of mother fucker in the world
people hate this guy
sitting behind the scenes all the time just ticking away
he just shrugs
time's like "so what" next!

even gods don't control this guy
"space and time"
people LOVE space though
he wakes up from a cryogenic slumber to roses and already being famous to everyone

oh man, everybody loves a little space
aint got the time though, or they got all the time in the world
like father time like where you get that from huh? gimme back?
boom, die in a traffic accident
some horrible tragic father
\
let's get some space
space of my own
can't wait to get to space
room for existance, wow so great

until it's uncomfortable, or your space smashes into someone elses space going 80 on the freeway
oh i guess you DIDN"T have time huh? gangsta spitten on yo dead ass

space like "damn fate!" chris rock style where you know he aint mad cause they brothers but all "why you gotta do him like that"
yeah probably some kind of cosmic triplits - space, time & fate - one cosmic parent gaia brahma type ommmmm gloup that was tired of just being one 
with itself and was like "let's shake shit up, throw some spice in there!" get all these forms and shit, gotta have hate! despair! tragedy... ohhh i like that. drama baby

let's talk fate
talk about a mother fucker who don't care
fate

just gonna happen
yap yap yap talk talking all that ghetto fab
fast talking jibber jabbering

he's that guy that's just watched this on youtube like....
shit's gonna happen I know it
no emotion, I could get assasinated from the crowd
he'd just like keep swiping like meh, could have been worse
onto watchin cat videos no time flat, doesn't even care
fate - probably loves cats
get themselves into all weird shit and nobody to save them and he's like
how gonna get yourself out of this?  I know you still have to be that 9 year olds tragic understanding 
of why life ends and that even fluffy cuddles of goodness end as cold dead plant food
but how you gonna get out of that tree.... 

like he doesn't know it all, just knows enough to know that he don't have to care about anything
mother fucker still curious.  "tempting fate" right?  Like.... okay fate is this. dharma that yada yada
but if I start base jumping, and do lots of herion.... like maybe right?  Maybe something different?
nope, you'll get sick right before the jump, your connect to the good stuff dies suddenly or some shit

can't avoid some things.  literally can't.  they comin for you!
never been as scared as when i learned about karma

like "blade" but for everything!

you ate a hamburger?  The dead soul of that loving beautiful creature you caused to be tortured and brutaly murdered gonna 
haunt you, not till the end of this lifetime, oh no, for all of eternity - until you come to pease with it.

see normal christian heaven / hell just easier to "digest" to "swallow" okay good people bad people now chill and 
you get what you deserve

reincarnation all messed up, okay good and bad now switch places and different faces but now you get to eat they children and 
and you gonna live on a golden mound of skulls and enjoy pleasure your entire life

until next time - then you gonna be chained up in a gross dungeon somewhere - but it's worth it!  Wait till you see what's behind door number 3
